README.md, before:

# [Squad Lanes](https://squadlanes.com)
##### Interactive Squad Maps to help with RAAS capture point prediction

This is a work-in-progress.

Capture Points and RAAS lanes are automatically extracted from Squad maps.

If you spot any specific errors, please open an issue!
That helps us get an overview.

#### Usage
See [Captain's video](https://youtu.be/OFGYkDxdRYE?t=498) to find out how to work with our official deployment at [squadlanes.com](https://squadlanes.com).

#### Deployment
TODO

#### Documentation / Project overview
This project is still very much work-in-progress.
The automatic extraction method has been completely replaced since v1.0 (when the video was released) and the UI has also been completely reworked since the first prototype.
We already have tasks on our To-Do list that will likely lead to big changes in the algorithmic department of the website (Fallujah RAAS v1 / Parallel AAS).
We don't think writing documentation while the project is still this volatile is worth the effort.
If you want to contribute at this point in time, feel free to open issues and pull requests.
Just be warned, it's probably a lot of unnecessary work.


#### Attribution and Licenses
- Squad map backgrounds and capture point information were extracted from game files shipped through Steam and editor assets shipped through Epic Games Store.
  We hope our usage here is fine.
  If it is not, please send a DM to [w4rum](https://github.com/w4rum/).
- [Leaflet](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet). Released under
  [BSD 2-Clause "Simplified" License](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet/blob/master/LICENSE).
- Bootstrap and the "Simple Sidebar" component:\
    Copyright 2013-2020 Start Bootstrap LLC. Code released under the [MIT](https://github.com/StartBootstrap/startbootstrap-simple-sidebar/blob/gh-pages/LICENSE) license.
- This project relies on Konstantin Nosov's [UEViewer](https://github.com/gildor2/UEViewer) which is currently not covered by a license.
  We use [our own fork](https://github.com/w4rum/UEViewer) that we have modified slightly to better fit our use case.
- [Leaflet.TileLayer.NoGap](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.TileLayer.NoGap) by Iván Sánchez Ortega, released under
  the [Beer-Ware License](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.TileLayer.NoGap/blob/master/LICENSE).
  (Where do we send that beer?)
- The original contributions found in this repository are released under AGPLv3 (see LICENSE).

Commit message:

game file unpacking scripts; adjustments for v2

README.md, after:

# [Squad Lanes](https://squadlanes.com)
##### Interactive Squad Maps to help with RAAS capture point prediction

This is a work-in-progress.

Capture Points and RAAS lanes are automatically extracted from Squad maps.

If you spot any specific errors, please open an issue!
That helps us get an overview.

#### Usage
See [Captain's video](https://youtu.be/OFGYkDxdRYE?t=498) to find out how to work with our official deployment at [squadlanes.com](https://squadlanes.com).

#### Deployment
TODO

#### Documentation / Project overview
This project is in a rather unpolished and largely undocumented state.
We apologize for this but don't have specific plans to fix this in the immediate future
since the person responsible for the extraction scripts hasn't actively played Squad in
quite a while and has moved to a kind of maintenance-only mode for this project.
If you want to contribute at this point in time, feel free to open issues and pull requests.
Just be warned, it's probably a lot of work to get into it.


#### Attribution and Licenses
- Squad map backgrounds and capture point information were extracted from game files shipped through Steam.
  We hope our usage here is fine.
  If it is not, please contact w4rum via [email](mailto:tim.schmidt@khorne.faith) or
  Discord DM (`Tim | w4rum#4344`, reach me via https://discord.gg/FaT)
- [Leaflet](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet). Released under
  [BSD 2-Clause "Simplified" License](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet/blob/master/LICENSE).
- Bootstrap and the "Simple Sidebar" component:\
    Copyright 2013-2020 Start Bootstrap LLC. Code released under the [MIT](https://github.com/StartBootstrap/startbootstrap-simple-sidebar/blob/gh-pages/LICENSE) license.
- This project relies on Konstantin Nosov's [UEViewer](https://github.com/gildor2/UEViewer) which is currently not covered by a license.
  We use [our own fork](https://github.com/w4rum/UEViewer) that we have modified slightly to better fit our use case.
- [Leaflet.TileLayer.NoGap](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.TileLayer.NoGap) by Iván Sánchez Ortega, released under
  the [Beer-Ware License](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.TileLayer.NoGap/blob/master/LICENSE).
  (Where do we send that beer?)
- The original contributions found in this repository are released under AGPLv3 (see LICENSE).
